README.md, before:

osx-bootstrap
=============

*Confirmed working on OSX Yosemite beta*

Bootstrap for new OSX installs

These files will install a bunch of great tools on your newly installed Mac. If it's not a brand new install of OSX you'll most probably be able to use these anyway :)

Run the following command to do a proper install of Homebrew, cask, oh-my-zsh, and a bunch of great tools and apps:

```
curl --silent https://raw.githubusercontent.com/virtualswede/osx-bootstrap/master/install.sh | sh
```

If you don't want all the apps I use, make sure fork this and edit the Brewfile and Caskfile to your liking.

Enjoy!

## Requirements

You'll need to have OSX Command Line Tools installed to use git, which will be installed automatically when you're trying to use git for the first time (during homebrew installation); you'll get a nice popup window asking you to install it, so let it do that for you. If you want to you can remove the OSX CLT afterwards as you'll probably install newer versions of these tools anyway.

## settings.sh

Some sane settings for me, use them at your own risk!

Commit message:

Clarified how to use this. Right now users should manually edit some files than run.

README.md, after:

osx-bootstrap
=============

*Updating to work on OS X Yosemite 10.10.1*

#### Bootstrap for new OS X installs

These files will install a bunch of great tools on your newly installed Mac. If it's not a brand new install of OS X you'll most probably be able to use these anyway :)

## Quick Start 

(**Not recommended:** Still customized to Jonas' environment)

Run the following command to do a proper install of Homebrew, cask, oh-my-zsh, and a bunch of great tools and apps:

```
curl --silent https://raw.githubusercontent.com/virtualswede/osx-bootstrap/master/install.sh | sh
```

## Customize Install

Names and directories are hardcoded into this project right now, so it makes more sense to take a few steps before leveraging this tool. To make it yours be sure to: 

* `git clone https://github.com/mjbrender/osx-bootstrap.git` to get these files locally
* Edit `install.sh` and define your `$dev` directory
* Edit `settings.sh` and name your computer 
* Edit `symlink-dotfiles.sh` and define your `$dev` directory
* Review and customize the apps installed from Brewfile & Caskfile

When you're all set, run `bash bootstrap.sh` to let the games begin!

## Requirements

You'll need to have OS X Command Line Tools installed to use git, which will be installed automatically when you're trying to use git for the first time (during homebrew installation); you'll get a nice pop-up window asking you to install it, so let it do that for you. If you want to you can remove the OSX CLT afterwards as you'll probably install newer versions of these tools anyway.

## settings.sh

Some sane settings for me, use them at your own risk!
